# PharmaMart
PharmaMart is a one-stop shop for all Medical needs delivering items to various locations in just 3 hours. The project’s main purpose is to store information about various customers and to allow them to quickly shop for medicines by not entering the details again. Further, it provides a classification of medicines in various different categories according to a variety of criteria, all with a user-friendly interface to interact with.

The working of the project is as follows: A customer needs to sign in to their account (or register for one) to gain access to the application. The customer can view all the available medicines, which have been categorized based on a number of aspects. While looking up different medicines on the site, the customer can add all the medicines that they want to buy and get the total cost of these products (including tax and shipping) and the expected time of delivery, before placing the order.

The cart can be checked out next, and the user has to choose the shipping details or enter new ones after that. Next, the mode of payment is chosen before the order is placed. If the cart has medicines that require a prescription, the customer is asked to upload a prescription for the same and then place the order. Customers also can view a history of their previous orders and pending orders that are yet to arrive.

Lastly, an admin can sign in and add or delete any product from the site. They can create combo deals on two or more products at a discounted price. The admin can also view the complete log of all the placed orders, orders out for delivery, and orders pending prescription verification. The admin can verify or refute the prescription of an order, after which the order status will be changed from pending to placed (or canceled). They can also cancel any order and refund the amount to the customer.
